Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
I've been really hooked with this app...
"Furare Kaihi" !
("Break-up Dodge")
Now that I understand a girls' feelings...
I plan on clearing it easily!
In that case, let's go right ahead!
♪ Te, te, ren ♪
*7th Stage: Fresh Pasta*
Eh? What? What?
Eh?
*BF: You're really so cute~♥*
Wait...
Hmm?
Isn't that a different girl?
Girlfr- Ah, it's the second girlfriend!
*GF2: Oh, you~ Aren't you saying that to all the girls?*
Well, he's definitely saying it to everyone, this person...
*BF: Those guys are the worst, they can't be forgiven~*
Haah!
That's you
*GF2: That being said, I love the place right ahead ♥*
“The place right ahead”....
Eh? The girls really trust you straightaway...
*BF: Yeah, their fresh pasta was delicious, wasn't it?*
Ah!
This is definitely a guy you shouldn't be together with...
"GF2: Eh?"
Ooooh…
That face exists
Other girlfriend... Ah! You’re an idiot!
*BF: This is the place I went to with my other girlfriend!*
*GF2: Hey, this shop...*
"Fight"!
"This is the first time..." That’s right...
"GF2: This is the first time you've come here, right...?*
"Aah, I'm sorry! It wasn't with you....!"
And then I’ll say 'It was with a friend'
"GF2: ... Then, with whom did you go?"
“Hideki”...
Is it Hideki?
I don't know who it is, it's probably a friend
“Ah, it's a friend” Yes, yes, yes
*GF2: Ah~ It's a friend*
“You can say that”
*BF: You can say that*
“You're finally calling me by my first name? My sweet…”
"Hideki: You're finally calling me by my first name? My sweet..."
What do you mean?
Eh?
*Excuse Failed*
What is this?!
That would never happen!
Eeeeeh?
"Aah, I'm sorry! It wasn't with you!"
*GF2: ... Then, with whom did you go?*
"Michiko"
(Female name)
Mama!
*GF2: Who is Michiko?!*
Ah, yes, yes, yes, that's right…
*BF: But that is my mother's name on the family register*
*GF2: You call her by her name...*
*BF: It's Michiko*
*GF2: I'm sorry, that's very unnatural....*
“That’s very...” Ah...
He got turned down
I see
It’s true, that sometimes does happen
*GF2: This is the first time you've come here, right...?*
"No, you came with me"!
We went together, we went together
"We never went"
*GF2: What are you talking about? We never went*
"Eh...? You don’t remember? You were on a date with me..."
*GF2: I don’t remember at all, but I’m sure I never came to this shop*
Aaaahh...
*BF: I don’t want to doubt you, but you know... *
Eh?! Isn’t this guy the worst?
*BF: Maybe it’s that you are dating another man and you forget what you do with me?*
*GF2: Why are you trying to pretend like you don’t know anything?*
Of course not, you’re lost, you’re out
"You’re right, it’s the first time I come here"
*GF2: But you said their pasta was delicious*
Eeehh...
*I meant that I heard that their fresh pasta was delicious, come on, let's go*
"I meant that their fresh pasta was..."
Ah, it’s true, I think I’ll choose this option
"I was meaning that the food of this place must be delicious"
"Come, let’s enter!", or something like that
Aaahh...
*GF: BF? What are you doing?*
Eh...
WHY?!
I don’t understand what’s happening!
How can the world be so small?
What?
Maybe they’re close to the university...?
Eh?
Maybe he’s going out with a girl from a club from the university?
Did he know this girl close to the university?
"Aaah, I’m sorry! I didn’t come with you"
"Point to an empty space"
*GF2: Eh? There’s something there?*
"It was with you all day"
*BF: It was with you all day*
"Eh?"
*GF2: Eh? There’s no one here, you’re scaring me, stop it!*
"The ghost thing was a lie ♥"
*BF: The ghost thing was a lie ♥*
*GF2: Ah? What are you playing at? That’s enough, I’m going home*
It’s true, I understand you...
Let’s return to the last question...
I’ll use the “I” points!
(Points that allow you to go back to the last decision)
*GF2: Eh? There’s no one here, you’re scaring me, stop it!*
"Pretend that you’re being possessed"
"Uguu..."
*BF: Uguu... it hurts... Aaahhhaahh!*
Ah, she’s worried
*GF2: Eh? Hey, are you okay!?*
"My granddaughter..."
*BF: My granddaughter... *
Eh?
*GF2: Eh...? *
*BF: I borrowed this lad’s body to meet you*
Though I still think her grandmother (grandfather) is still alive
*GF2: My grandfather is still alive, damn liar!*
I guessed it...
I understand...
*GF2: Eh? Hey, are you okay!?*
"Uh... ho...?"
Uhoho?
Uho?
*GF2: ...?*
"U... ho? Hoho, ho... "
*BF: U... ho? Hoho, ho... Uhooo! Woman! Woman! Woman!*
"Woman! Woman!"
*GF2: Nooooo! Don’t get any closer!! You're impossible, impossible, impossible!!*
I’m finished...
I’m finished completely...
Eh? It’s very hard!
*GF2: This is the first time you've come here, right...?*
"No, you came with me*
"We never went"
*GF2: What are you talking about? We never went*
"We went!!!"
"We didn’t come!"
*GF2: We didn’t come!!!*
Ah, aaaah, a natural response!
"Ah, now that you say it, it’s true, we didn’t come"
* Novio: Ah, now that you say it, it’s true, we didn’t come*
*GF2: Don’t lie, maybe you’re confusing me with another person?*
Eeehh?
"We didn’t come!!!!"
*BF: We didn’t come!!!!*
*GF2: But you just said we did come!*
*BF: We went!!!!*
*GF2: I can’t go out with someone who’s messed up in the head*
*You can use an “I” point to return to the last decision*
But for the message to appear now, means…
That I can clear the stage if I return to the last decision?
*GF2: Don’t lie, maybe you’re confusing me with another person?*
"Aaahh, I’m sorry! I didn’t come with you"
*BF: Aaahh, I’m sorry! I didn’t come with you*
"Then, with whom did you go?"
*GF2: ... Then, with whom did you go?*
Well...
Is it Hi...Hi...Hideki?
Aaaaahhh...
*inhales*
MAN, YOU HAVE NO REASON TO APPEAR!
Where do you suppose he came from?!
"No, you came with me"
You came, you came
*GF2: What are you talking about? We never went*
I told you we went!
*GF2: We didn’t come!!!*
"I’m saying we went!!!!"
*BF: I’m saying we went!!!!*
"Eeehh...?"
*BF2: Eeehh...? *
*BF: I’m sorry, I dreamt that we went together and that’s why I said we went...*
Ah...
*GF2: Really? Man, you’re adorable ♥*
Man...
I chose all the options and it was this, really… *murmuring*
"Shampoo"
*8th Stage: Shampoo*
Shampoo...
Ah, they’re fighting!
"That’s enough, you’ll make me angry!", you already look angry...
*BF: That’s enough, you’ll make me angry!*
Both are already angry
*GF: I’ll also get angry!*
*BF: I love you more!*
Haahhh!
It appeared...
What is that?
It’s like it was important
*GF: Oh man, I love you more!*
Who loves more...?
AAAHH, HOW DISGUSTING!
*BF: Aahh, in that case, we’ll leave it in a draw, yes? ♥*
*GF: Yes ♥ I’ll go heat the water to take a bath*
*BF: Will we bathe together? ♥*
*GF: I told you we can’t ♥*
It looks like she saw something...
Mmm?
Aaaahhh...
*Soft set for long hair*
Your face scares me...
"Hey, hey, BF"
*GF: Hey, hey, BF*
"Fight"!
"What is this?"
*GF: What is this?*
To tell you the truth...
Thanks to that, my hair is soft and silky
*GF: Eeehh? Is your hair that long?*
"Eh, is your hair...?"
Aaaah! There’s also a hair?
"That’s not hair"
*GF: Eh...?
Is it this option?
"Do you know what Takarage is?"
"It's a single long white hair that grows out of some part of your body"
"It's probably one of those"
Maybe she’ll say it’s not colored white?
"It’s a strand that doesn’t come from my head"
"Do you want to see?"
*GF: You’re not human! Goodbye*
What just happened?
But I thought I was doing well...
*GF: What is this?*
"Thanks to that, my hair is smooth and silky"
*GF: Eeehh? Is your hair that long?*
Well...
"That’s not hair"
"Eh...?"
*GF: Eh...?
I’ll choose this option!
*BF: Do you know what’s "Takarage”?*
"Sometimes it grows long white hair in some parts of your body"
"It probably has something to do with that"
*GF: No, but it’s colored black*
I was right!
It’s black, right?
I understand!
"Fight"!
*GF: What is this?*
"Aaahh... Someone left it there"
*GF: Eeehh...? Does that person have long hair?*
"Long"
Ah, the hair came up again...
*GF: Eeehh...? Does that person have long hair?*
"It must have been my younger sister"
What about this?
Ouch...
*GF: She has short hair!*
Where did she get that photograph?
She went and searched in the whole house!
That hair is really annoying, isn’t it?
"It’s best not to ask any more about that"
*GF: Is that because you feel guilty about something?*
It’s not because of that!
"Well..."
Ah, but...
"Well... maybe I feel guilty"
"... What are you hiding?"
*GF: ...What are you hiding?*
*To tell you the truth, lately my hair has been falling out, so I bought a good woman’s product for the skin*
I’ll choose this option
"To tell you the truth, lately my hair has been falling out..."
Ah, but if I choose this option, she’ll probably show the hair, right?
"I found that shampoo over there"
*GF: Do you use something you picked up there?*
Well… I’m sorry
"What is this?"
"Thanks to that, my hair is..."
Ah, it’s not this option, wait, wait...
This isn’t it
Ah, but there’s still other options
*GF: Eeehh? Is your hair this long?*
"Ah, that's from when I had long hair"
*GF: Eehh! You had long hair?*
Is it this option?
If I say something specific like "It was 2 years ago", I’m sure she’ll show me a photograph
*It was during the time I was a vocalist in a band, even though we broke up pretty soon*
*GF: Eh? Sing, sing!*
*BF: ♪ Boeeeee... *
*GF: I’m sorry, I think we should also break up... *
Aaahh...
Is it that important to be able to sing?
*GF: What is this?*
Eeeh? I wonder what is it...
"Aaahh... Someone left it there"
*GF: Eeehh...? Does that person have long hair?*
"It’s my mothers’"
Why?
"She has short curly hair!"
*GF: She has short curly hair!*
Even if it's short curly hair, stretching it will make it longer right?
A woman's heart is so annoyiiiiiiiing!
"What is this?"
"It’s best not to ask any more about that"
Now I only have....
1 HP...
*GF: Is that because you feel guilty about something?*
"It’s not that"
Mmm... but...
Mmm...
"It’s not that"!
"In that case, answer me, what is this?"
*GF: In that case, answer me, what is this?*
"It’s best not to ask anymore about that"
Since otherwise, I’ll have no HP...
*GF: Is that because you feel guilty about something?*
Is it "Well... maybe I feel guilty"?
I’m tired now
*GF: … What are you hiding?*
"To tell you the truth, lately my hair has been falling out..."
But the hair is coming up
Eh?
*GF: Ah… it’s true, that doesn’t sound good... I’m sorry, alright?*
Ah, ah, I did it!
*BF: Eh...?
Eh?
Ah, it looks like I did it!
Eh? The hair didn’t come up
I see
*9th Stage: Deceit*
"Deceit"
I’m already done for
If you're going to trick her for that, you'd better cut the relationship, right?
*BF: You’re 100 times more adorable than that actress ♥*
“You’re 100 times more adorable”
“Than that actress ♥”
That’s impossible
GF: "Should I become an actress?"
“You can't”
*BF: You can't ♥ After all, I'm the only one allowed to kiss you ♥*
Aaah, you know...
Not all actresses kiss in their shows...
That's creepy, really…
*GF: Oh, BF... ♥
BF: I’ll go shower ♥*
Really...
Ah...
Your phone is ringing
*GFF: I love you too ♥*
"I..."
*GF: .....*
*BF: I forgot my pho-... I meant I forgot to give you a kiss*
HER FACE!
*GF: ...I need you to explain to me about something*
I wonder what happened...
"What does this message mean?"
*GF: What does this message mean?*
Uh...
“Hmm? Probably sent to the wrong person”
*GF: Why does my friend have your LIME?*
"Why does my friend have your LIME?"
*BF: I can't tell you that. Please, believe in me*
Please!
*GF: Why can't you tell me…? Are you cheating?*
I'm not cheating!
"Mmm... Do I not have any choice than to tell you...?"
*GF: Tell me immediately*
I’m sorry
*BF: It was supposed to be a surprise, but I have a gift for you*
Eeeh...
Is it in the house?
I’m sure there’s a lot of stuff in the place
*(I’m sure I left it in this place)*
"Another message of my friend arrived, saying: 'Let’s go out and have fun again ♥'"
Ah, I’m done for, right?
"I’m sure I left it in the wallet"
Oh!
Good!
*I consulted with your friend and she helped me choose it*
Oooh!
*GF: That makes me happy, BF… Thank you ♥*
It’s a piece of cake
Eh? Ah? Ah...
*GF: Did you just do a victory pose?*
Well...
...I did nothing
*GF: That doesn’t solve what the message said*
Ah
Fight!
*GF: Let me see your LIME*
"It seems this’ll take us some time, I’ll go get something to drink”
*GF: ...*
Oh!
Eh? Which is it?
This?
"Please don’t do this at home"
*BF: Good, I’ll place the phone in the microwave to break it*
"Good"
"I’ll place the phone in the microwave to break it"
Normally, doing something like that is dangerous!
He died!
It ended in many ways...
Completely blank
I’ll return to the last choice!
*GF: Let me see your LIME*
Well...
"I’m sorry, I should go to the bathroom", can’t I throw the phone into the toilet?
*BF: I’m sorry, I should go to the bathroom*
Well, I’m in a hurry, I need to go to the bathroom
*GF: Leave the cellphone here*
Aaahhh...
"Run away with the cellphone"
*BF: Noo!!*
*Go to GFF’s house*
Oh, is it this option?
G-GFF, that’s her name?
*BF: GFF!!*
"My GF found out everything"
*BF: My GF found out everything*
"That woman really seems like a devil!"
*BF: That woman really seems like a devil!*
*Can you help me hide for a while!?*
"Can you...?"
Is it "Can you"?
"Can you help me hide for a while!?"
"You’re the only person that can help me..."
*BF: You’re the only person that can help me... *
*GFF: Eh, BF? Who are you talking to?*
Aaaah...
Aaaaahhh...
*BF: Eh?*
Eh...
Eeh...
...Can something like that happen?
Good!
In that case...
Ai-chan is...
You know...
Pure...
A good girl...
And surely not annoying at all, so then...
I can’t understand an annoying woman’s heart!
And I also can’t understand the feelings of someone who deceives!
I don’t understand this game!
Having said that...
Be sure to work hard in your love relationships
Good!
This was Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Ah, how annoying it is!
Translated by Bararo, Mitsukitten, and Vortex